[Project] Refunds, returns, discounts daily metric updates (#147)
fivetran/dbt_shopify: README.md

Reviewer: The max model count also needs to be updated.

Author: Updated.

| [shopify__refunds](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_shopify/#!/model/model.shopify.shopify__refunds) or<br>[shopify_gql__refunds](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_shopify/#!/model/model.shopify.shopify_gql__refunds) | Line-item level refund detail joined with order and product context, including restock classification, refund timing, and refund discrepancy adjustments. <br><br>**Example Analytics Questions:**<br>• What is the average time between order creation and refund processing by product category?<br>• Which products have the highest return rates and what are the most common restock types? |

> | [shopify__refund_lines](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_shopify/#!/model/model.shopify.shopify__refund_lines) or<br>[shopify_gql__refund_lines](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_shopify/#!/model/model.shopify.shopify_gql__refund_lines) | Refund line item detail at the most granular level, exposing per-line refund financials, product context, and restock classification. <br><br>**Example Analytics Questions:**<br>• What is the total refund amount by product variant and restock type?<br>• Which order lines have the highest refund rates and what are the associated refund reasons? |

Author: Tried to be more explicit, let me know if it needs revising.

    shopify_gql_using_customer_visit: false # TRUE by default
    shopify_gql_using_fulfillment_order_line_item: false # TRUE by default
    shopify_gql_using_metafield: false  # TRUE by default.
    shopify_gql_using_collection_rule: true # FALSE by default.
    shopify_gql_using_discount_code_app: true # FALSE by default.
    shopify_gql_using_fulfillment_event: true # FALSE by default.
    shopify_gql_using_fulfillment_tracking_info: true # FALSE by default.
    shopify_gql_using_product_variant_media: true # FALSE by default.

>     shopify_gql_using_return: true # FALSE by default. Setting to true will enable `return`, `return_line_item`, and `return_shipping_fee` and enrich `shopify_gql__refunds` with return lifecycle and shipping fee data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    shopify_gql_using_return: true # FALSE by default. Setting to true will enable `return`, `return_line_item`, and `return_shipping_fee` enriching `shopify_gql__refunds` and `shopify_gql__refund_lines` with respective return details.
```
